Bump to 1.4.2 (#641)
Adyen/adyen-platform-experience-web: CHANGELOG.md

# @adyen/adyen-platform-experience-web

## 1.4.2

### Fixed

> -   We fixed an issue where the expandable card component showed the content for expanded and collapsed state at the same time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Fixed an issue where expandable cards showed contents for expanded and collapsed state at the same time. 
```

Author: Updated the note as per Naomi's suggestion [here](https://youtrack.is.adyen.com/issue/DOC-11096).
